**ERIN R. WEBRECK**

m: 301-651-9933

Orlando, FL

linkedin.com/in/erinwebreck

er952199@ucf.edu

**EXPERIENCE**

**LexisNexis**, New York, NY

*Lead, Data Discovery and Enrichment* 7/2025 -- Present

Manages a team of Data Discovery and Enrichment Expert Attorneys.
Collaborates closely with product managers, data scientists, and
development team members to define scope and lead execution of AI
projects. Develops and executes best practices for creating training
data and evaluating output of AI models. Leverages expertise in the
legal domain to drive insights and recommendations to the business that
are critical to creating the best features and products for customers.

*Manager, Product and Content Initiatives* 10/2021 -- 7/2025

Drove strategy for portfolio of select Practical Guidance content
offerings including practice videos, data visualizations, template
expansion and enhancement, and legal development trackers. Analyzed
usage data, customer feedback, and competitive intelligence to lead
data-driven decision-making; leveraged global harmonization to drive
efficiencies; modeled and promoted early adoption of new technologies
and techniques to achieve cost savings and improve time to market.

*Operations Manager for Practical Guidance, North American Editorial
Operations* 9/2019 -- 9/2021

Led team of thirteen Legal Analysts to execute operations projects and
functions. Applied LEAN, Agile, and other process excellence
methodologies to projects optimizing production workflows in preparation
for automation, including coaching team members in applying these
methodologies. Worked closely with content, product, sales/marketing,
business strategy, and offshore production teams to deliver content,
tools, and product enhancements on time and within budget.

*Legal Analyst, North American Editorial Operations* 3/2015 -- 9/2019

Optimized delivery and upkeep of Practical Guidance intellectual
property and commercial transactions content. Led projects touching on
all aspects of editorial operations, including content quality and
maintenance, process analysis, taxonomy and search engine optimization,
and standards documentation and training.

**Rover.com**, New York, NY 5/2014 -- 2/2015

*City Manager for New York City*

Grew the Rover.com brand in New York City via strategic partnerships,
sitter recruitment and training, marketing, blogging, and social media.

**American University**, Washington, DC 8/2008 -- 12/2009

*Adjunct Professor, College Writing Program*

Instructed college freshmen in introductory academic writing course.
Taught argumentation; research methods; evaluation of sources for
accuracy, reliability, and appropriateness.

**Environmental Law Institute**, Washington, DC 8/2006-- 5/2014

*Associate Editor, Director of Seminars*

Edited monthly *News & Analysis* environmental law journal. Developed
and administered seminar series on current events in environmental law
and policy. Taught environmental law research skills course at annual
Environmental Law Boot Camps. Coordinated student internship program.

**EDUCATION**

**University of Central Florida**, Orlando, FL

Ph.D. student in Texts & Technology

**American University,** Washington, DC

J.D./M.A. dual degree program

J.D., **Washington College of Law**

Peter M. Cicchino Public Service Award: Exceptional Pro Bono Service
Honors

Research Assistant to David Hunter, Associate Professor of Law

M.A., **School of International Service**

> Copy Editor: *Swords and Ploughshares*, Official Journal of the School
> of International Service

**The George Washington University**, Washington, DC

B.A. *cum laude* with Special Departmental Honors in German Language and
Literature

Presidential Academic Scholarship

Scholarship for half tuition, presented by the University during all
four years of study

University Honors Program

George Washington University, member during all four years of study

Buka Family German Prize, Cecelia M. Sehrt German Department Scholarship

> Presented to the most outstanding student in the German department,
> received during sophomore, junior, and senior years

edu.de 2001 Scholarship for Study Abroad

> Presented by the DAAD (German Academic Exchange Service) for one fully
> funded year of study at **Humboldt-UniversitÃ¤t zu Berlin**, Berlin,
> Germany

**PUBLICATIONS**

"The Challenge of Battling Privatization: A Case Study of Swedish Water
Companies" in *Sustainable Development Law and Policy Journal*, Volume
V, Issue 1, Winter 2005.

**CERTIFICATIONS**

Maryland State Bar (2006)

Project Management Professional (PMP) (Project Management Institute,
2017)

Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (LexisNexis, 2018)

Certified Agile Associate (LexisNexis, 2021)
